{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf270
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17440\viewh13620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 install & setup informer-----\
\
spark-\
1) copy 
\f1 instinctual.tar.gz to /usr/discreet/sparks/ on the flame machine.\
2) tar -xvpf instinctual.tar.gz while in the sparks directory.\
3) nedit instinctual/informer/instinctual.ini\
4) change the server: http://192.168.1.20:8000 to have the proper IP address of the machine running informer server.  make sure to keep the port number at the end.\
\
server-\
 \
1) unpack server and move to where you want it to reside.\
2) edit server/conf/instinctual.ini\
3) Change the server: http://127.0.0.1:8000 to reflect the proper IP address of the machine the server is running on.\
4) edit server/conf/logging.ini\
5) look for this line:  args: ['/Users/jrichards/dev/instinctual/src/logs/informer.log']\
6) change the "/path/to/server/" part to reflect the base path of your server install. \
    Example:  I put the server in "/Users/alatteri/Documents/Code/server" so the new full path for that args is going to be:\
                     /Users/alatteri/Documents/Code/server/logs/informer.log\
7) Using Terminal 'cd' into the bin directory\
8) ./runserver\
9) The sqlite database [informer] does not exist.\
     Would you like to initialize the database? [y/n]: y\
\
10)You just installed Django's auth system, which means you don't have any superusers defined.\
Would you like to create one now? (yes/no): yes\
11) Username (Leave blank to use 'alatteri'):  (hit return to use default name or just type whatever your want)  You will be prompted to enter in your email and to create a password.  this info is kept private in the server, we don't get that at all.\
\
\
You should see something like this after it finishes initializing.\
Django version 0.96, using settings 'instinctual.settings'\
Development server is running at http://127.0.0.1:8000/ (Your IP address here)\
Quit the server with CONTROL-C.\
\
\
Now you have both the spark and server running.\
\
There is one other process, that in a permanent install would be setup as a automatic system service.  Open up a new Terminal tab or window.  'cd' into server/bin.  then ./loopmaker .   Keep that open as long as you are running the server, it is the background encoding agent.\
\
That is all.  once you do the initial conf then all you have to do is ./runserver & ./loopmaker .   This will all get simpler as we tighten up distributions.\
}